a way that you can tell if you're able to influence someone or whether
they're they're just not gonna change is body language is kind of key.
So let's say that you're trying to get something new across to a
group of individuals and, you know, you start noticing that several
individuals are nodding their head. Ah, they kind of have a tendency
thio agree with you or the providing supporting comments. That's an
individual that you can probably influence. It's going to get that
buying and help you out. You got other individuals while you're putting
out the same information, and their body language is indicative
that they're disagreeing arms. Maybe you're crossed. They're not providing
you eye contact. They're looking away. That's an individual
who is gonna be a little bit more stubborn that you're gonna have to
try and maybe convince or work on, uh, who has their heels kind of
dug in and is reluctant to to make that change